{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Note to grader:\
\
Hello,\
\
I just wanted to acknowledge why I have not included the output files from the code. This is because I could not get it to run in it\'92s entirety. I was having difficulty with the pos tagging, despite many different trials with different methods, there were certain errors that would show up. Additionally, when it came to scoring the documents, I continued to get a weird error, despite hours of debugging. A key term, that I could look up in the text file to prove it was included, would not show up in the document term matrix, thus resulting in the loop to fail. With more time, I might have been able to resolve it, but I spent a significant amount of time trying to configure Solr, to no avail. It seems as though it works best in conjunction with python and there is little documentation on working with Solr in R. I decided to stick with R and use that to search documents, which did complicate things. I tried different ways of subsetting the corpus until I found the method I used. \
\
I understand that, since it does not completely run, it will result in loss of points. But, once again, I wanted to write a note to let you know the steps I took and that it wasn\'92t for lack of effort. I hope that the algorithm written shows that I understand the problem and the concepts needed for question and answer systems, it came down to the semantics of it.\
\
Thank you for reading!\
\
Renee }